---
title: "2026-01-15"
date: 2026-01-15
mood: "excited to tackle another day of agents"
sleep_hours: 7.2
tags: []
type: daily
vitals:
  sleep: 79
  recovery: 59
  physical: 9.2
  energy: 6
  stress: 3
  mood: 7
  focus: 7
  nutrition: 7
  kindness: 7
---

## Today's Reflection

> **What assumptions have I left unquestioned?**

_Theme: Clarity_

Why can't I take a mercenary approach to actually creating attention capital, by launching memecoins for top creators like Justin Skycak on Math Academy? We could get so much benefit to being early. And why can't we be the largest holder of the first coin launched on PerpetualCow's new PumpFun competitor? Why do we have to be a follower, when we can be an instigator?

---

## Morning

### I am grateful for...

RALPH. We had another entry after our devaststing blowup from a few days ago, and quickly took profit on a 2x gain on $20k invested. I was particularly proud of this one, seeing the strong community, and realizing I wanted to be a part of something bigger.

### What would make today great?

I spent a lot of tiem reading The Dark Art of Linear Algebra. It was a fantastic way to understand and visualize a lot of the concepts I'd had difficulty unpacking in math.

### Daily affirmation

I can create and learn at the same time.

### What am I worried about? (Stoic premeditation)

---

## Evening

### 3 amazing things that happened today

1. RALPH
2. COW
3. 1000 ZEC

### How could I have made today even better?

Could have spent more time focusing. But overall it was a great day, had a lovely meal at Le Garmin with Anna and then read at Rhythm Zero and sauna'ed.

### What did I learn today?

A lot from The Dark Art of Linear Algebra

### What is within my control, and what is not?

---

## Habits

- anki: no
- math: yes
- kindle: no
- yoga: no
- cardio: no
- weights: yes

---

## Interesting Links

https://x.com/PerpetualCow/status/2011868101839597878?s=20
