---
title: "2026-01-12"
date: 2026-01-12
mood: "a new hope"
sleep_hours:
tags: []
type: daily
vitals:
  sleep: 59
  recovery: 35
  physical: 8.6
  energy: 7
  stress: 5
  mood: 7
  focus: 8
  nutrition: 6
  kindness: 6
---

## Today's Reflection

> **Where is the path to serenity?**

_Theme: Clarity_

This is a useful theme, especially as yesterday's was, what are the sources of unsteadiness of my life? I've often had the thought that jail would be one of the most liberating things for me, as it would force me to focus on what is truly in front of me, eliminating all the market related distractions that have led me to live such an unfulfilling life to this point.

I woke up this morning angry and upset. I felt like I was forced into a jail, devoid of any money or even agency around taking something as biasic as my meds. But constraints drive choice and creativity and I think this is an opportunity to reorient myself around what matters most.

Our trial date was set for the middle of June, so I have at least 6 months to rebuild

---

## Morning

### I am grateful for...

The opportunities created by forced exclusion.

### What would make today great?

Get over withdrawal symptoms and fully lock in again

### Daily affirmation

I am a creator, not a trader.

### What am I worried about? (Stoic premeditation)

Building something successful in the next 6-9 months

---

## Evening

### 3 amazing things that happened today

1. Lost everything, and somehow it was so liberating again
2. Had the support of my amazing wife to shepherc me through itd me t
3. I feel a great deal of point and pointlessness at the same time

### How could I have made today even better?

It was quite a good day of focused work on my agents. I learned a lot, through my multiple subscriptions. Not a lot I'd do differently while in recovery.

### What did I learn today?

Agent management.

### What is within my control, and what is not?

Markets

---

## Habits

- anki: no
- math: no
- kindle: no
- yoga: no
- cardio: no
- weights: no

---

## Interesting Links
