---
title: "2026-01-18"
date: 2026-01-18
mood: "the day after"
sleep_hours: 6
tags: []
type: daily
vitals:
  sleep: 70
  recovery: 50
  physical: 5
  energy: 6
  stress: 6
  mood: 6
  focus: 5
  nutrition: 6
  kindness: 6
---

## Today's Reflection

> **Can I find grace and harmony in places others overlook?**

_Theme: Clarity_

A pretty crazy start to the day as COW rugged overnight as soon as FROG was launched, and everyone was pissed, except me. I was grateful to have sold the prior day, and was very proud of applying all the lessons learned. Anna did lose around $10-15k on various positions and another $30k on ZEC but overall it felt very positive to have avoided a worse result and actually taken $200k+ of profits. Monero was a standout performer. One of the funnier bets we made was on Disclosure Day happening this year at 12% odds. Seems way too low given the crazy UFO evidence coming out. I spent a lot of time working with Ralph loops today and actually starting to review the Loom database, and making progress on commonware/Solana versions of various gaming pieces. Reestablished longs in RALPH, COW and FROG, feeling good about things being up tomorrow.

---

## Morning

### I am grateful for...

Risk discipline

### What would make today great?

Focus on codebase productivity

### Daily affirmation

I need to make money and build things fast

### What am I worried about? (Stoic premeditation)

---

## Evening

### 3 amazing things that happened today

1. Successful navigation of a volatile market day
2. Setting ourselves up for a repeat of the COW run in the days to come
3. In great devs we trust

### How could I have made today even better?

Been more focused and spent more time on Loom.

### What did I learn today?

I'm more optimistic I'll learn more tomorrow

### What is within my control, and what is not?

---

## Habits

- anki: no
- math: no
- kindle: no
- yoga: no
- cardio: no
- weights: no

---

## Interesting Links
