---
title: "2026-01-09"
date: 2026-01-09
mood: "recovering from the shock"
sleep_hours: 6.8
tags: ["kristoff", "viktoriya"]
type: daily
vitals:
  sleep: 80
  recovery: 33
  physical: 12.8
  energy: 7
  stress: 7
  mood: 7
  focus: 3
  nutrition: 8
  kindness: 7
---

## Today's Reflection

> **If I don't control what happens to me, what is left?**

_Theme: Clarity_

I realized that I am the emcee of my own ceremony. I don't have ideas, ideas flow through me. Everything that is meant to happen will happen no matter what I do. My job is to be the vessel, the channel, the conduit for what wants to come through me. If I resist, I create suffering for myself. If I accept, I can flow with it.

---

## Morning

### I am grateful for...

Sound advice and support from my public defender

### What would make today great?

Getting clarity on next steps with the case

### Daily affirmation

I will be okay, no matter what.

### What am I worried about? (Stoic premeditation)

Being away from Anna for 5 years

---

## Evening

### 3 amazing things that happened today

1. I reconciled myself with whatever happens
2. I decided that Q1 is a quarter of big dick energy
3. I concluded that my fate is in my own hands

### How could I have made today even better?

Got back into risk more slowly

### What did I learn today?

Session with Viktoriya. Pattern for extreme changes in viewpoint, One day I think I'll stop learning without building, the next it's the opposite. Then I'll convince myself I'm never going to build something great. This is my pattern. When we realize our patterns, we have the possibility to choose. Most beneficial for the part of me that believes I can deliver.

I talked through the pros and cons of taking this to trial. I just don't feel like I ever intended to commit fraud, and feel I need to tell my story.

Visualizing the news from yesterday. Having patience forced on me in jail is almost like being released from jail. I don't feel human, I feel like a bullet train. Don't forget that you're on a grand mission.

### What is within my control, and what is not?

How I present myself / how others judge me.

---

## Habits

- anki: no
- math: no
- kindle: no
- yoga: no
- cardio: yes
- weights: no

---

## Interesting Links
